---
title: "Translated Blogs"
date: 
weight: 3
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 3. </b> "
---

###  [Blog 1 - Accelerate benefits claims processing with Amazon Bedrock Data Automation](3.1-Blog1/)
The blog post introduces a solution to accelerate insurance benefits claims processing by leveraging Amazon Bedrock Data Automation and Generative AI. It explains how benefits administration companies can significantly enhance operational efficiency by automating the reimbursement claims process, which is currently challenged by reliance on legacy systems, slow manual processes, and high fraud rates. The proposed solution utilizes Amazon Bedrock Data Automation to automatically extract and classify data from unstructured documents such as check images and receipts, thereby reducing manual errors and accelerating processing time. Simultaneously, the architecture integrates the large language model Amazon Nova Lite and Knowledge Bases to automatically validate and make approve/deny decisions based on flexible business rules, allowing for quick adaptation to compliance requirements like HIPAA and ERISA, ultimately lowering operational costs and improving employee satisfaction.
###  [Blog 2 - Enabling AI adoption at scale through enterprise risk management framework – Part 2](3.2-Blog2/)
This blog introduces practical strategies for adjusting the Enterprise Risk Management Framework (ERMF) to enable safe and responsible large-scale adoption of Generative AI. The article explores how to integrate Generative AI governance factors into the ERMF, building upon existing risk management processes while addressing the unique characteristics of Generative AI. Key control areas are detailed, including Fairness, Explainability, Security and Privacy, Safety, Controllability, Accuracy and Robustness, Governance, and Transparency. By the end of the article, readers will have a roadmap to balance innovation with rigorous controls, helping organizations protect against critical risks like data leakage and model hallucinations, which is especially important for organizations in the financial services sector.
###  [Blog 3 - How PropHero built an intelligent property investment advisor with continuous evaluation using Amazon Bedrock](3.3-Blog3/)
The article describes how PropHero, a leading real estate asset management service in Spain and Australia, collaborated with the AWS Generative AI Innovation Center to build a smart real estate investment advisor. This solution uses a multi-agent conversational AI system based on Amazon Bedrock to provide personalized advice, while integrating a continuous evaluation mechanism to measure quality metrics such as Context Relevance, Response Groundedness, and Agent Goal Accuracy. In terms of business impact, the AI advisor achieved a 90% goal accuracy rate, helped reduce customer support workload by 30%, and optimized AI costs by 60% compared to using only premium models.